the first book of the Kings now King
the first book of the Kings now King David was owned advanced in years and
David was owned advanced in years and
David was owned advanced in years and they put covers on him
they put covers on him
they put covers on him but he could not get warm therefore his
but he could not get warm therefore his
but he could not get warm therefore his servant said to him let a young woman a
servant said to him let a young woman a
servant said to him let a young woman a virgin be shot for our Lord the King and
virgin be shot for our Lord the King and
virgin be shot for our Lord the King and let her stand before the King and let
let her stand before the King and let
let her stand before the King and let her care for him and let her lie in your
her care for him and let her lie in your
her care for him and let her lie in your bosom that our Lord the King may be warm
bosom that our Lord the King may be warm
bosom that our Lord the King may be warm so they sought for a lovely young woman
so they sought for a lovely young woman
so they sought for a lovely young woman throughout all the territory of Israel
throughout all the territory of Israel
throughout all the territory of Israel and found Abishag the Shunammite and
and found Abishag the Shunammite and
and found Abishag the Shunammite and brought her to the king the young woman
brought her to the king the young woman
brought her to the king the young woman was very lovely
was very lovely
was very lovely and she cared for the king and served
and she cared for the king and served
and she cared for the king and served him but the King did not know her then
him but the King did not know her then
him but the King did not know her then add a Niger the son of hagath exalted
add a Niger the son of hagath exalted
add a Niger the son of hagath exalted himself I will be king and he prepared
himself I will be king and he prepared
himself I will be king and he prepared for himself chariots and horsemen and
for himself chariots and horsemen and
for himself chariots and horsemen and fifty men to run before him and his
fifty men to run before him and his
fifty men to run before him and his father had not rebuked him at any time
father had not rebuked him at any time
father had not rebuked him at any time by saying why have you done so he was
by saying why have you done so he was
by saying why have you done so he was also very good-looking his mother had
also very good-looking his mother had
also very good-looking his mother had borne him after Absalom then he
borne him after Absalom then he
borne him after Absalom then he conferred with Joab
conferred with Joab
conferred with Joab the son of Zahra ayah and with a bias ax
the son of Zahra ayah and with a bias ax
the son of Zahra ayah and with a bias ax the priest and they followed and helped
the priest and they followed and helped
the priest and they followed and helped at an idea but Zadok the priest benaiah
at an idea but Zadok the priest benaiah
at an idea but Zadok the priest benaiah the son of jehoiada nathan the prophet
the son of jehoiada nathan the prophet
the son of jehoiada nathan the prophet shimmie i reaiiy and the mighty men who
shimmie i reaiiy and the mighty men who
shimmie i reaiiy and the mighty men who belonged to David were not with Adonai
belonged to David were not with Adonai
belonged to David were not with Adonai Jew and AD an idea sacrificed sheep and
Jew and AD an idea sacrificed sheep and
Jew and AD an idea sacrificed sheep and oxen and fattened cattle
oxen and fattened cattle
oxen and fattened cattle the stone of Zurn which is by an Rogan
he also invited all his brothers the
he also invited all his brothers the king's sons and all the men of Judah the
king's sons and all the men of Judah the
king's sons and all the men of Judah the king's servants but he did not invite
king's servants but he did not invite
king's servants but he did not invite Nathan the Prophet benaiah the mighty
Nathan the Prophet benaiah the mighty
Nathan the Prophet benaiah the mighty man or Solomon his brother
man or Solomon his brother
man or Solomon his brother so Nathan spoke to Bathsheba the mother
so Nathan spoke to Bathsheba the mother
so Nathan spoke to Bathsheba the mother of Solomon have you not heard that
of Solomon have you not heard that
of Solomon have you not heard that Adonijah the son of hagath has become
Adonijah the son of hagath has become
Adonijah the son of hagath has become king and David our Lord does not know it
king and David our Lord does not know it
king and David our Lord does not know it come please let me now give you advice
come please let me now give you advice
come please let me now give you advice that you may save your own life and the
that you may save your own life and the
that you may save your own life and the life of your son Solomon go immediately
life of your son Solomon go immediately
life of your son Solomon go immediately to King David and say to him did you not
to King David and say to him did you not
to King David and say to him did you not my lord o king swear to your maidservant
my lord o king swear to your maidservant
my lord o king swear to your maidservant saying assuredly your son Solomon shall
saying assuredly your son Solomon shall
saying assuredly your son Solomon shall reign after me and he shall sit on my
reign after me and he shall sit on my
reign after me and he shall sit on my throne why then has a denier become king
throne why then has a denier become king
throne why then has a denier become king then while you are still talking there
then while you are still talking there
then while you are still talking there with the King I also will come in after
with the King I also will come in after
with the King I also will come in after you and confirm your words so Bathsheba
you and confirm your words so Bathsheba
you and confirm your words so Bathsheba went into the chamber to the king now
went into the chamber to the king now
went into the chamber to the king now the king was very old and Abishag the
the king was very old and Abishag the
the king was very old and Abishag the Shunammite was serving the king and
Shunammite was serving the king and
Shunammite was serving the king and Bathsheba bowed and did homage to the
Bathsheba bowed and did homage to the
Bathsheba bowed and did homage to the king then the king said
king then the king said
king then the king said [Music]
[Music]
[Music] what is your wish my lord
what is your wish my lord
what is your wish my lord you swore by the Lord your God to your
you swore by the Lord your God to your
you swore by the Lord your God to your maidservant saying assuredly Solomon
maidservant saying assuredly Solomon
maidservant saying assuredly Solomon your son shall reign after me and he
your son shall reign after me and he
your son shall reign after me and he shall sit on my throne so now look
shall sit on my throne so now look
shall sit on my throne so now look either Nyjah has become king and now my
either Nyjah has become king and now my
either Nyjah has become king and now my lord the king you do not know about it
lord the king you do not know about it
lord the king you do not know about it he has sacrificed oxen and fattened
he has sacrificed oxen and fattened
he has sacrificed oxen and fattened cattle and sheep in abundance and has
cattle and sheep in abundance and has
cattle and sheep in abundance and has invited all the sons of the king but by
invited all the sons of the king but by
invited all the sons of the king but by Allah the priests and Joab the commander
Allah the priests and Joab the commander
Allah the priests and Joab the commander of the army but Solomon your servant he
of the army but Solomon your servant he
of the army but Solomon your servant he has not invited
has not invited
has not invited and as for youth my lord
and as for youth my lord
and as for youth my lord cold king but eyes of all Israel are on
cold king but eyes of all Israel are on
cold king but eyes of all Israel are on you that you should tell them whom will
you that you should tell them whom will
you that you should tell them whom will sit on the throne of my lord the king
sit on the throne of my lord the king
sit on the throne of my lord the king after him
after him
after him otherwise it will happen when my lord
otherwise it will happen when my lord
otherwise it will happen when my lord the king rests with his fathers that I
the king rests with his fathers that I
the king rests with his fathers that I and my son Solomon will be counted as
and my son Solomon will be counted as
and my son Solomon will be counted as offenders
and just then while she was talking with
and just then while she was talking with the King Nathan the Prophet also came in
the King Nathan the Prophet also came in
the King Nathan the Prophet also came in so they told the king here is Nathan the
so they told the king here is Nathan the
so they told the king here is Nathan the prophet and when he came in before the
prophet and when he came in before the
prophet and when he came in before the King he bowed down before the king with
King he bowed down before the king with
King he bowed down before the king with his face for ground and Nathan said my
his face for ground and Nathan said my
his face for ground and Nathan said my lord
lord
lord Oh King have you said a tanaga shall
Oh King have you said a tanaga shall
Oh King have you said a tanaga shall reign after me and he shall sit on my
reign after me and he shall sit on my
reign after me and he shall sit on my throne for he has gone down today and
throne for he has gone down today and
throne for he has gone down today and has sacrificed oxen and fattened cattle
has sacrificed oxen and fattened cattle
has sacrificed oxen and fattened cattle and sheep in abundance and has invited
and sheep in abundance and has invited
and sheep in abundance and has invited all the king's sons and the commanders
all the king's sons and the commanders
all the king's sons and the commanders of the army and a buyeth are the priests
of the army and a buyeth are the priests
of the army and a buyeth are the priests and look they are eating and drinking
and look they are eating and drinking
and look they are eating and drinking before him and they say long live King
before him and they say long live King
before him and they say long live King at an idea but he has not invited me me
at an idea but he has not invited me me
at an idea but he has not invited me me your servant nor Zadok the priest nor
your servant nor Zadok the priest nor
your servant nor Zadok the priest nor benaiah the son of jehoiada nor your
benaiah the son of jehoiada nor your
benaiah the son of jehoiada nor your servant solomon has this thing been done
servant solomon has this thing been done
servant solomon has this thing been done by my lord the king and you have not
by my lord the king and you have not
by my lord the king and you have not told your servant who should sit on the
told your servant who should sit on the
told your servant who should sit on the throne of my lord the king after him
throne of my lord the king after him
throne of my lord the king after him call Bathsheba to me
so she came into the King's presence and
so she came into the King's presence and stood before the king and the King took
stood before the king and the King took
stood before the king and the King took an oath and said as the Lord lives who
an oath and said as the Lord lives who
an oath and said as the Lord lives who has redeemed my life from every distress
has redeemed my life from every distress
has redeemed my life from every distress just as I swore to you by the Lord God
just as I swore to you by the Lord God
just as I swore to you by the Lord God of Israel saying assuredly Solomon your
of Israel saying assuredly Solomon your
of Israel saying assuredly Solomon your son shall be king after me and he shall
son shall be king after me and he shall
son shall be king after me and he shall sit on my throne in my place so I
sit on my throne in my place so I
sit on my throne in my place so I certainly will do this day then
certainly will do this day then
certainly will do this day then Bathsheba bowed with her face to the
Bathsheba bowed with her face to the
Bathsheba bowed with her face to the earth and paid homage to the king like
earth and paid homage to the king like
earth and paid homage to the king like my lord
my lord
my lord King David live forever call to me Zadok
King David live forever call to me Zadok
King David live forever call to me Zadok the priest Nathan the prophet and
the priest Nathan the prophet and
the priest Nathan the prophet and benaiah the son of jehoiada
benaiah the son of jehoiada
benaiah the son of jehoiada [Music]
[Music]
[Music] survey came before the king Jake with
survey came before the king Jake with
survey came before the king Jake with you the servants of your Lord and have
you the servants of your Lord and have
you the servants of your Lord and have Solomon my son right on my own mule and
Solomon my son right on my own mule and
Solomon my son right on my own mule and take him down to jihad there let's say
take him down to jihad there let's say
take him down to jihad there let's say doc the priest and Nathan the Prophet
doc the priest and Nathan the Prophet
doc the priest and Nathan the Prophet anoint him king over Israel and blow the
anoint him king over Israel and blow the
anoint him king over Israel and blow the horn and say long live King Solomon
horn and say long live King Solomon
horn and say long live King Solomon then you shall come up after him and he
then you shall come up after him and he
then you shall come up after him and he shall come and sit on my throne and he
shall come and sit on my throne and he
shall come and sit on my throne and he shall be king in my place for I have
shall be king in my place for I have
shall be king in my place for I have appointed him to be ruler over Israel
appointed him to be ruler over Israel
appointed him to be ruler over Israel and Judah benaiah the son of jehoiada
and Judah benaiah the son of jehoiada
and Judah benaiah the son of jehoiada answered the king amen may the lord god
answered the king amen may the lord god
answered the king amen may the lord god of my lord the king say so - as the Lord
of my lord the king say so - as the Lord
of my lord the king say so - as the Lord has been with my lord the king even so
has been with my lord the king even so
has been with my lord the king even so may he be with Solomon and make his
may he be with Solomon and make his
may he be with Solomon and make his throne greater than the throne of my
throne greater than the throne of my
throne greater than the throne of my lord King David so Zadok the priest
lord King David so Zadok the priest
lord King David so Zadok the priest Nathan the prophet benaiah the son of
Nathan the prophet benaiah the son of
Nathan the prophet benaiah the son of jehoiada the Karaites and the peel
jehoiada the Karaites and the peel
jehoiada the Karaites and the peel effects went down and had Solomon ride
effects went down and had Solomon ride
effects went down and had Solomon ride on King David's mule and took him to
on King David's mule and took him to
on King David's mule and took him to gear when Zadok the priest took a horn
gear when Zadok the priest took a horn
gear when Zadok the priest took a horn of oil from the tabernacle and anointed
of oil from the tabernacle and anointed
of oil from the tabernacle and anointed Solomon and they blew the horn and all
Solomon and they blew the horn and all
Solomon and they blew the horn and all the people said and all the people went
the people said and all the people went
the people said and all the people went out after him and the people played the
out after him and the people played the
out after him and the people played the flutes and rejoiced with great joy so
flutes and rejoiced with great joy so
flutes and rejoiced with great joy so that the earth seemed to split with
that the earth seemed to split with
that the earth seemed to split with their sound
their sound
their sound now a de Niger and all the guests who
now a de Niger and all the guests who
now a de Niger and all the guests who were with him heard it as they finished
were with him heard it as they finished
were with him heard it as they finished eating and when Joab heard the sound of
eating and when Joab heard the sound of
eating and when Joab heard the sound of the horn he said why is the city in such
the horn he said why is the city in such
the horn he said why is the city in such a noisy uproar while he was still
a noisy uproar while he was still
a noisy uproar while he was still speaking there came Jonathan the son of
speaking there came Jonathan the son of
speaking there came Jonathan the son of a by far the priest and Adonai just said
a by far the priest and Adonai just said
a by far the priest and Adonai just said to him come in for you are a prominent
to him come in for you are a prominent
to him come in for you are a prominent man and bring good news then Jonathan
man and bring good news then Jonathan
man and bring good news then Jonathan answered and said to add a Niger no our
answered and said to add a Niger no our
answered and said to add a Niger no our Lord King David has made Solomon King
Lord King David has made Solomon King
Lord King David has made Solomon King the King has sent him with Zadok the
the King has sent him with Zadok the
the King has sent him with Zadok the priest nathan the prophet benaiah the
priest nathan the prophet benaiah the
priest nathan the prophet benaiah the son of jehoiada the Karaites
son of jehoiada the Karaites
son of jehoiada the Karaites and the pilla fights and they have made
and the pilla fights and they have made
and the pilla fights and they have made him bride on the king's mule so Zadok
him bride on the king's mule so Zadok
him bride on the king's mule so Zadok the priest and Nathan the prophet have
the priest and Nathan the prophet have
the priest and Nathan the prophet have anointed him King at jihad and they have
anointed him King at jihad and they have
anointed him King at jihad and they have gone up from there
gone up from there
gone up from there rejoicing so that the city is in an
rejoicing so that the city is in an
rejoicing so that the city is in an uproar this is the noise that you have
uproar this is the noise that you have
uproar this is the noise that you have heard also Solomon sits on the throne of
heard also Solomon sits on the throne of
heard also Solomon sits on the throne of the kingdom and moreover the King's
the kingdom and moreover the King's
the kingdom and moreover the King's servants have gone to bless our Lord
servants have gone to bless our Lord
servants have gone to bless our Lord King David saying may God make the name
King David saying may God make the name
King David saying may God make the name of Solomon better than your name and may
of Solomon better than your name and may
of Solomon better than your name and may he make his throne greater than your
he make his throne greater than your
he make his throne greater than your throne then the King bound himself on
throne then the King bound himself on
throne then the King bound himself on the bed also the King said thus blessed
the bed also the King said thus blessed
the bed also the King said thus blessed be the Lord God of Israel who is given
be the Lord God of Israel who is given
be the Lord God of Israel who is given one to sit on my throne this day while
one to sit on my throne this day while
one to sit on my throne this day while my eyes see it so all the guests who
my eyes see it so all the guests who
my eyes see it so all the guests who were with Adonai Jew were afraid and
were with Adonai Jew were afraid and
were with Adonai Jew were afraid and arose and each one went his way now
arose and each one went his way now
arose and each one went his way now Adonai Jew was afraid of Solomon
Adonai Jew was afraid of Solomon
Adonai Jew was afraid of Solomon so he arose and went and took hold of
so he arose and went and took hold of
so he arose and went and took hold of the horns of the altar and it was told
the horns of the altar and it was told
the horns of the altar and it was told Solomon indeed a denied of King Solomon
Solomon indeed a denied of King Solomon
Solomon indeed a denied of King Solomon for look he has taken hold of the horns
for look he has taken hold of the horns
for look he has taken hold of the horns of the altar saying let King Solomon
of the altar saying let King Solomon
of the altar saying let King Solomon swear to me today that he will not put
swear to me today that he will not put
swear to me today that he will not put his servant to death with the sword firm
his servant to death with the sword firm
his servant to death with the sword firm Solomon said if he proves himself a
Solomon said if he proves himself a
Solomon said if he proves himself a worthy man not one hair of him shall
worthy man not one hair of him shall
worthy man not one hair of him shall fall to the earth but if wickedness is
fall to the earth but if wickedness is
fall to the earth but if wickedness is found in him he shall die
found in him he shall die
found in him he shall die so King Solomon sent them to bring him
so King Solomon sent them to bring him
so King Solomon sent them to bring him down from the altar and he came and fell
down from the altar and he came and fell
down from the altar and he came and fell down before King Solomon and Solomon
down before King Solomon and Solomon
down before King Solomon and Solomon said to him go to your house